Add table of errors to test README (#706) (#850)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: test/README.md

- [Formatting tests](https://github.com/messageformat/messageformat/blob/11c95dab2b25db8454e49ff4daadb817e1d5b770/packages/mf2-messageformat/src/messageformat.test.ts)

A [JSON schema](./schemas/) is included for the test files in this repository.
## Error Codes

The following table relates the error names used in the [JSON schema](./schemas/)

> to the error names used in ["MessageFormat 2.0 Errors"](../spec/errors.md) in the spec.

Reviewer: Consider reversing the table? You're thinking about the errors from the point of view of the schema, but users of the spec will come here to find the ID

Author: Done in [c609a2f](https://github.com/unicode-org/message-format-wg/pull/850/commits/c609a2fc88c0c2bc2f5be415675ca06a3d84ec68)

| Schema                      | Spec                        |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------- |
| bad-operand                 | Bad Operand                 |
| bad-option                  | Bad Option                  |
| bad-selector                | Bad Selector                |
| bad-variant-key             | Bad Variant Key             |
| duplicate-declaration       | Duplicate Declaration       |
| duplicate-option-name       | Duplicate Option Name       |
| missing-fallback-variant    | Missing Fallback Variant    |
| missing-selector-annotation | Missing Selector Annotation |
| syntax-error                | Syntax Error                |
| unknown-function            | Unknown Function            |
| unresolved-variable         | Unresolved Variable         |
| unsupported-expression      | Unsupported Expression      |
| unsupported-statement       | Unsupported Statement       |
| variant-key-mismatch        | Variant Key Mismatch        |

> The "Message Function Error" error name used in the spec
> is not included in the schema,
> as it is intended to be an umbrella category
> for implementation-specific errors.

Reviewer: I can imagine writing tests for my own formatting functions that might use such an error. Would we be better off to define the schema name and then say:

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The error name `message-function-error` does not appear in any of the
> tests found in this test suite because the "Message Function Error"
> category of errors is intended as an umbrella category 
> for implementation-specific errors.
```

Reviewer 2: The current schema is designed to specifically support our own tests, and it's not really extensible e.g. due to incorporating `"additionalProperties": false` requirements in many places. This means that adding `message-function-error` is beyond its current intended use cases.

As JSON Schema in general is not extensible (it has no concept of inheritance, for instance), other test suites that would have such a need probably need to copy our schema and patch it locally, or not rely on an explicit JSON Schema document.

I found the PR's proposed language appropriate.

> 
> For users of Visual Studio Code, a [settings file](./.vscode/settings.json) is included that enables schema validation while editing the test files.
> 

Reviewer 2: This should've been dropped in #827.

```suggestion
```
